README.md, before:

# "Tension Bee"
Sketch of a super lightweight, easy assembly drone frame that is made sturdy by tension.

## Idea
Some flat & flexible bars e.g. Carbon Fiber or Glass Fiber flatbars are connected with simple / angled connectors in to a ring-shape. At least 2 but more edges can be used - in this demo 4 connectors form a ring-shape structure.

This structure can easily be assembled but will fall apart easily as well :)

But if now tension is applied towards the center of the contraption e.g. with fishing-line or carbon rods.
The ring stabilizes and gets quite sturdy to bending from and towards the center.

Still flexing of corners is possible. By using an angled tensioning approach to each corner the contraption gets stury in all directions.

One of the weak-points here is the flexed flat-bar, which if made out of Carbon-Fiber is actually pushing against the connectors - which could make them splinter if force is applied.

The Example uses standard Brushed Motors available for Drones (e.g. JJRC H29, H29C, H29W, H29G Quadcopter)
and is made for 5mm x 1mm (CF / GF)Flatbars of any length, "Spring-Metall" or wood might also work

## Impressions
![Tension Bee Side](/documentation/tension_b_scheme_side.png)
![Tension Bee Top](/documentation/tension_b_scheme_top.png)
![Motor Holder Scheme](/documentation/tension_b_scheme_motor_holder.png)
![Motor Holder](/documentation/tension_b_motor_holder.png)
![Motor Assembly Side](/documentation/tension_b_motor_assembly_side.png)
![Motor Assembly Bottom](/documentation/tension_b_motor_assembly_bottom.png)

Commit message:

Highlight that STLs & Autodesk 123D Files are used in the Project

README.md, after:

# "Tension Bee"
Sketch of a super lightweight, easy assembly drone frame that is made sturdy by tension.

## Files
The Project was created with 123D Design from autodesk
STLs of the Parts & 123D Files are attached
The STLs of the Connectors can be 3D Printed right away without support

## Idea
Some flat & flexible bars e.g. Carbon Fiber or Glass Fiber flatbars are connected with simple / angled connectors in to a ring-shape. At least 2 but more edges can be used - in this demo 4 connectors form a ring-shape structure.

This structure can easily be assembled but will fall apart easily as well :)

But if now tension is applied towards the center of the contraption e.g. with fishing-line or carbon rods.
The ring stabilizes and gets quite sturdy to bending from and towards the center.

Still flexing of corners is possible. By using an angled tensioning approach to each corner the contraption gets stury in all directions.

One of the weak-points here is the flexed flat-bar, which if made out of Carbon-Fiber is actually pushing against the connectors - which could make them splinter if force is applied.

The Example uses standard Brushed Motors available for Drones (e.g. JJRC H29, H29C, H29W, H29G Quadcopter)
and is made for 5mm x 1mm (CF / GF)Flatbars of any length, "Spring-Metall" or wood might also work

## Impressions
![Tension Bee Side](/documentation/tension_b_scheme_side.png)
![Tension Bee Top](/documentation/tension_b_scheme_top.png)
![Motor Holder Scheme](/documentation/tension_b_scheme_motor_holder.png)
![Motor Holder](/documentation/tension_b_motor_holder.png)
![Motor Assembly Side](/documentation/tension_b_motor_assembly_side.png)
![Motor Assembly Bottom](/documentation/tension_b_motor_assembly_bottom.png)
